c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe.config
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.pdb
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.pdb
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmMain.resources
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmHive.resources
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmYard.resources
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmQueen.resources
c:\users\seejay\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmMedia.resources
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe.config
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.pdb
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmHive.resources
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmMedia.resources
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmQueen.resources
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmYard.resources
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.pdb
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmPicture.resources
C:\Users\jcioanca1632\Desktop\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\PortableDevices.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe.config
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.pdb
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.pdb
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\PortableDevices.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmHive.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmMain.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmMedia.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmPicture.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmQueen.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmYard.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe.config
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.pdb
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.pdb
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\PortableDevices.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmHive.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmMain.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmMedia.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmPicture.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmQueen.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmYard.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\BusyBees\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe.config
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.pdb
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.exe
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.pdb
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\PortableDevices.dll
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmHive.resources
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmMedia.resources
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmPicture.resources
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmQueen.resources
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.FrmYard.resources
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\sbulgin-cc\Desktop\BusyBees\BusyBeesDesktop\BusyBeesDesktop\obj\Debug\BusyBeesDesktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
